Let me tell you something.
I'm going to give you all your accounts today
I'll figure it out for you.
Humph, this negativity is really bold
Lian is in charge of the underground move of the North Sea
More than 30 years of imprisonment dare to provoke you
Okay, save me the trouble
bold
Mr. Xiao
Minghui is also a trash like you who can call it directly
Xiao Wuji
I didn't expect you to be quite capable, you little trash
Looking for such a beautiful woman as a backer
What's so good about Xiao Wuji?
A poor turtle disaster
You follow your brother to promise
Ah, you know I'm here
Hmm step aside
You are Qiao Zixi
Well, now that you know who I am
Just get out of here with your people
I'm so scared, don't think there is a Wuji Temple as a demon
You can yell in front of me
Although the Fifth Street Store is now said to be the number one in the world
And you
It's just an elf belonging to the next small division
Are you sure about that?
For a little white
If this North Sea Underground King is the enemy?
Beihai Dragon King
Not even worthy of lifting my shoes
Yo boy
Yes, no one dares to talk to me like that for 20 years
Okay, I need you to know the sky in the Northeast Sea today.
What would be the effect?
If you were the sky of the North Sea
Then I will today
Just pierce it